Project Proposal (iteration 0) - BrewHub
Trevor Gale, Janice Moat, Edmond Eng, Henry Zhao, Jonathan Loewen
https://github.com/jmloewen/BrewHub

Overview
BrewHub is a social web application for users (19+) to share their appreciation for craft beer. Independent breweries are becoming increasingly popular, and this app will provide users with a convenient way to track, rate, and review what they've tried and what they want to try. More importantly, BrewHub will facilitate new friendships between beer-lovers through a meet-up feature. Users will be matched based upon their given availability and location. Once the group is formed the members will vote on app-suggested pubs in their listed location. Users will also have the option to create private or public events at a specific time and place. To make sure users can get home safely after their event, the application will include information with the TransLink API for trip planning.

                    Design
In this rough outline of our design the header bar allows for easy switching between the primary modes. The Local tab will allow for features pertaining to your current location to be accessed, including direction finding, local “featured” breweries and searching for beverages at local breweries. The Groups tab will feature everything related to the management of groups, including creation, deletion, adding and deletion of members. It will also allow you to click a link to view another group member's reviews. The Meetups tab will allow for the planning of meetups, either with a group or a spontaneous meetup with people who happen to be in the same location as you. This tab will also allow you to set your location or get it automatically from the browser. The breweries tab will contain (as shown in the design) a list of local breweries, a spot for a longer description including choices of beverages at the selected establishment and reviews of the selected establishment below. The login/username will alternatively display your username or act as a link to login.


How is this problem currently solved
While services exist that provide most of the features listed above no other service combines all of them into a cohesive experience. The app Untappd provides social features related to finding pubs and beers, but in a different way than what we plan to provide. The Untappd app focuses on achievements -- and sharing those with friends -- rather than the meetup services that our app will provide. Furthermore, the Untappd app does not integrate the mapping and transit features that our app will. For those features the user would need to use another service. No service exists (to our knowledge) that will automatically determine central locations for a meetup and allow group members to vote on them.

Scope
Our project has a two main features.  Primarily, it is a pub tracker that allows the user to search by beer, to find pubs that are serving their desired brew.  This would hopefully include beer prices and alternative pub/beer choices. Furthermore, this feature will allow for users to leave comments and reviews about the establishments and their choices of drinks. Secondarily, we plan to integrate a group meetup application that will take users locations and find a centrally-located pub at which they can meet. This feature will also allow users to see the public activity (such as comments) of other users in their groups.

Stories
1)	User A wants to find a pub nearby that has a certain beer.  They go to the website and search for a beer.  They find that this beer is at multiple nearby locations, which are listed by proximity to the user.  The user picks one and the Google Maps API is opened to this location, at which point the user may use all features within the Google Maps location to navigate to their destination.
2) 	User B wants to find a pub nearby that has a certain beer.  However, no pub in their immediate area happens to have their desired choice.  The User is given suggestions as to other brews, ranging by brewery to lightness, to amount of hops, to flavor, of which are nearby.  The user selects one, and the rest of the interaction plays out as in (1).
3)	User C wants to find a pub nearby that has a certain beer.  Like User B, their search on the application does not come up successfully.  They expand their search area and are able to find a pub a bit further away that contains their desired beer.  The rest of the interaction plays out like User A.
4)	Person D wants to meet up with their friends at a pub for a night out.  They and their friends are located in the same general vicinity, but none are together.  Person D opens the Group Meetup portion of the application and it finds a central location at which to search.  The application finds pubs near this centralized location, pulls up drink menus, and suggests them to Person D.  Person D selects one or many and suggests them to the group, at which point Google Maps opens and they may track their and their friends’ locations on the way to the pub.
5)	Person E wants to meet up with their friends at a pub for a night out.  However, they know that they do not have access to transportation, unlike their friends who live far away.  They open the application, and select a location on the map nearby themselves in which to search for pubs.  The application then suggests pubs nearby the selected location instead of at a centralized location to all parties.  The interaction continues to completion as in (4).
6)	Person F does not have a group to meet up with, they simply want to find all nearby pubs on the app.  They pick a location on the Google Maps API and it suggests all tracked pubs in the area.
7)	Person G wants to choose the best brewery located close to them. They are able to read reviews from other members in a list of Breweries sorted by distance.

We feel that this is an appropriate amount of work.  There are stretch goals here that are cancelable if need be, and the core functionality itself is a good point at which to start and build off of.

